Now : we can test this in our app android studion on laptop : by entering details there and clicking signup > it may give network requets error as we are using localhost:3000 fo fetch request > so make it : http://10.0.2.2:3000/api/auth/register there and then try > it will work and tell errors too like password not long enough and all from backend ; els eif all correct will store the user in database on mongodb.com there , can check there too.

Then : but if we try to do the same on our physical device : it wont work as the backend call is being made on localhost:3000 ; but our device is not the localhost i.e. PC ; so we must deploy our backend API globally publicly to make it accessible via physical mobile devide too there.

So, we will deploy the API : so that we can make the requests from our physical device too there.

So : go in terminal > cd backend > git init > and push only backend part to github there as its the only thing we want to deploy there.

Go on render.com > add new > web service > choose the repository > in build command : "npm install" to install all the node modules as we had not pushed node modules on github > for start command : "node src/index.js" i.e. instead of nodemon use node now as we dont want to make changes to live server continously for changes made in code ; nodemon is just for development thats why we installed it using -D there i.e. for development only.

choose free plan > but it goes inactive every 15 minutes if no request sent to it > so for a fresh request after 15 min , it will take 1 minute to boot up the server first there.

Add the environment variables > and deploy it now there.

Copy the URL of live API and paste it now in authStore.js file ka fetch command there now.

Now : we can do signup and see the added user in database from physical device too now there.

But we have problem that this API gets inactive every 15 mins if no request came ; causing delays for next requests there , so we fix it using "CRON JOBS" there now.

So, we will be sending request automatically now every 14 minutes just before it goes inactive if no request sent till 15 mins ; for that we will be using CRON JOBS now here.

So : we go in backend folder > in terminal : cd backend > npm i cron.

Then in cron.js file in "lib" folder , see the next steps now there.